c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.desktop.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\todoList.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\todoList.Tests.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\todoList.Tests.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\todolist.DataAccess.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\todolist.DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\obj\Debug\todoList.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\obj\Debug\todoList.Tests.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\todolist.DataAccess\todoList.Tests\obj\Debug\todoList.Tests.pdb
